A master student can take courses at the TUHH. Courses can be lectures or lab
classes. Each master student must take at least one course. Each course is held by a
research department. Each research department has at least one professor and 0 to 30
research assistant. Students, professors and research assistants have a lot in common:
They have a name, a first name and a date of birth. Which diagram type should be used
to describe this? Draw such a diagram for this



 Draw a UML Class Diagram representing the following
elements from the problem domain for a hockey league. A hockey league is made up of at least four
hockey teams. Each hockey team is composed of six to twelve players, and one player captains the team.
A team has a name and a record. Players have a number and a position. Hockey teams play games
against each other. Each game has a score and a location. Teams are sometimes lead by a coach. A coach
has a level of accreditation and a number of years of experience, and can coach multiple teams. Coaches
and players are people, and people have names and addresses. Draw a class diagram for this information,
and be sure to label all associations with appropriate multiplicities


Ward is a division of a hospital or a suite of rooms shared by patients who need a similar kind of care. In a hospital, there are a number of wards, each of which may be empty or have on it one or more patients. Each ward has a unique name.
The doctors in the hospital are organised into teams (also called firms). Each team has a unique name or code (e.g. Orthopaedics or Pediatrics) and is headed by a consultant doctor or an attending physician.


A customer can build shopping list by providing item details and the details will be stored in the shopping cart database. The warehouse database will also provide the item details required to complete the process. A customer can receive shopping list details from the view shopping list process and such details are provided by the shopping cart database. A customer can receive item details by performing the search items process. Customer provides and item name for searching and the item details are returned from the warehouse database after searched.